hello every one, i'm such a person think that he is good person but i see sometimes that i'm the worst person god create after the devil,
i don't know why i feel that bad. I want to talk a litter bit of my life, when i was kid i thought my life a verry happy life,
i helped all my friends when they are depressed or sad, i do over my best to make them smile, i convince them that depression is that illusion,
i told them the sadnes shouldn't exist the human life, because even if i know the depression and sadness exist, but i always smile even in the worst situation.
now after many years of happiness, i realize that the one who helped many people even just with words, he is very sad persopn, now one understand him,
there some words that he can't say, but unforently no one help him. After many years in happy, i realize that i have the most quantity of sadness and depression.
Really i don't know why i fell like that. Sometimes i said that i'm wrong for what i feel, but every day i live i convince my self that i'm not wrong,
right i want to do somethings in my life to be successful person, i want to be millionaire, i want to live a good life, with a good woman, to help my family with everythings,
in my mind i know that i'm very smart, i know that i can what i want to do, in my mind i know that i have the skills and intelligent that can help me to become a very successful man.
but the problem is a time ago, i was not a person which mind, i couldn't do anything, i don't know why and what happens. right when i was a kid i was a little bit lazy,
but when i grow up lazy is a term that i should remove it from my life, but when i want to do something, my body is destroying, i can't feel my mind, i wanted to sleep or do thing that i won't.
i'm a muslim man, i believe in black magic and eye, but every i time something bad happens i told my self that probably the problem is me not external effect.
but now which the consequences of what happens. i beginning think that there is someone who hates me want's me to become a bad person,
i believe in god but i can't live like that any more. i prayed to god to help. i know he will help but don't know why.
i do promise to my self.
my promise is if i will not be a successful person, i will suicide, in 23 years old i hate suicide and my vision about it is weakness of the person,
i never tought to suicide. But now i think about for real, the only condition is if i stay a very bad person that no one can handle.
for who i know, if i died with a suicide consequence, i will never forgive anyone in front of god if he does feel good of my death. if i suicide, i want every body to smile and say we are all free of a bad person.
i know that maybe god won't me to die and think of me to become good. but for now every minute i live i hated my self more and more.